Hello guys will come back in the last section.
Adam Peterson have helped guys true on how to build the front end but for the product API in this video
we will create our full schema which is revealed schema.
Let's go ahead and do that.
So who are your server.
Other models create a new file and give it a name review.
G s.
So now you want in or mongoose.
So we have owner which will have the object id data type because we want to store the user id so that
we could populate that Iran and we have title descriptions will be string rading will be a number type
data type because we will store a number later like 1 2 3 4 5 for example.
Lastly is the time created data type is data in this video.
We created our fourth schema which is a review schema in the next video will create a review API so
the user could post a review on every product.
I'll see you guys in the next video.